[Music]
very good how are you my dear
Lovers of the heart before starting
with this video as always I invite you all to
please click the
subscribe button down there you have a
button that says subscribe it's
completely free and you will automatically
become part of this great
family that we are all day talking
about what you like of the heart
here we don't miss any news on
many occasions In fact here you will
always have the Scoop and well in another
order of things we are going to talk about something that we
were already talking about when
Jesús Manuel Ruiz was here last week And that is
that Rocío Flores would very soon be
sitting in Ana Rosa Jesús Manuel Ruiz
gave this bombshell here on telesalseo
a few weeks ago and now it seems that
Diego Arrabal our YouTube colleague
would be expanding on that information it
sounds to me that Jesús Manuel what he said
was that very soon, very, very
soon we would see Rocío Flores speaking in Ana
Rosa also no he did not specify
a date but he said that most
likely
in the next few days he even spoke
of the same week and well not in these days
and now it seems  It could be that Diego Arrabal is
going to confirm this news and also
expand on it with more information and I
think we can even put a date on it. Let's
go with the Rocío Flores bombshell. You'll
remember that a few
weeks ago I announced exclusively here on
this channel that all kinds
of negotiations between Rocío Flores and
Ana Rosa Quintana's producer had broken down. Who is none
other than?
Well, yes, we've already talked about that. No, we do
n't know what it was like. There were
things that didn't add up very well and that didn't
make much sense. For example, the fact that
Rocío Flores was asking for more
money but at the same time she was asking to
stop talking about things surrounding
her family, that's something that couldn't be
understood. I mean, if you
're asking for more money, it seems fine to me
because what Rocío Flores was contributing
to the program was not worth the price
that she was being paid. Okay, I
understand that these are figures that perhaps
many
working people see as
outrageous. But it's not what it's worth. Okay,
the network is earning a lot more
money with these statements that she
was giving. For a year, okay, she's
been there. For a year, working
for a price that was  collaborator not
interviewee and basically on many
occasions Well, she was giving
statements that later filled
many hours of the program, they were exclusives, they
filled magazines, anyway, I understand that they were
worth more. No, but man, the reason,
the excuse for asking for more money is that you
continue talking about your family issues.
If you are telling me that you do not want to
participate in your family issues anymore, you
cannot ask me for more money at the same time.
Yesterday, Ana Rosa Quintana made it very
clear, we have reached such a point that it is already a
question of her why. Well,
because really the problem there
was economic Rocío Flores what she
wanted was an increase in her
interventions, economic, if she wanted
more money, no. Speaking bluntly, she wanted
more money every time she
sits on the set of La Rosa, in
truth, they have not reached an
agreement. It is true that that is there. Yesterday,
Ana Rosa Quintana said it publicly
in the interview with Olga Moreno that I have
done everything and that, well, that is now a
question of Rocío Flores. Well,
today, Tuesday, I can tell you
that I did not hear that. Family, this about what
Diego is saying. Well, the truth is it
slipped out, I do not know if I put it in, if she would catch me
giving it to her.  sip of coffee or whatever
because I can't hear this I don't know if maybe she
said it Later when
the collaborators were commenting on the
interview because really what I saw what
I had time to see because it had to
be something was precisely
Olga's interview in fact I woke up
only at that time to see the
interview of our dear Olga and
this part that Diego is saying or it
escaped me But well if he is saying it
I imagine it must be true and basically Well well that's
why Rocío Flores returns
as an interviewee and not as a collaborator
Monday October 24th remember next
Monday October 24th Rocío Flores yes this
person that you have here by the way very
pretty will
visit the program Diana Rosa Quintana
but eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye it is
not going to be as a collaborator no next
Monday the intentions
of the producer
are the following they want her to go as a
character
Well yes the truth is that to
have her there as a collaborator when what is
interesting about her and what is interesting
that they talk about her is or rather what is
interesting to talk with her on the
program It is about  her family Hey what
happened with your father Hey you know that your
father was with Marta
Well honestly call her when there are
issues regarding her family call her when you
have to do a
powerful interview and then well that's it don't
call her as a collaborator because
really then in the topics of
survivor the contribution that
Rocío Flores can make could be many
other people okay that's my opinion With all due
respect and with all the affection that you
know we have on this channel for
Rocío Flores let's remember
last week José Ortega Cano sat down yesterday
Monday Olga Moreno sat down and what
the producer wants is that next
Monday October 24th Rocío Flores sits down
bombs By the way, Unicorn is not being released
on Ana Rosa's show eh I
mean Ana Rosa with this it would make three out of
three Ortega Cano Olga Moreno and Rocío
Flores is what you get when you
treat people well not in a
cordial manner and in your program the
topics are dealt with in an objective manner no
obviously Rocío Flores Ortega well
Ortega here I have no doubts you  I say this
sincerely But well Rocío Flores and
Olga Moreno I am completely sure
that I would not accept at this moment under
any circumstances an interview for
example in Sálvame or in any program
of the factory of the television but well yes it
is true that we also have to
recognize that the interviews that
Ana
Rosa Quintana is doing to these characters are
quite light
as a character doing an interview
Ana Rosa Quintana herself is doing everything very
advanced I could tell you already that it
is 100% but we will always leave it
a possibility until the last minute
but next Monday October 24th
Rocío Flores returns to Ana Rosa's program
but as a character not as a
collaborator Well
the truth is that I am happy And what could I
tell you Diego if that is true what you
are saying would be a complete bombshell
and would make me wake up early again
for me to wake up early Maybe it
is 11 in the morning she I tell you
and really for few people would do it
the other day I did it for Olga to Ortega
here I did not get to see him already in the
semen scene and I hope to get up next
Monday to hear something nice
from  From the mouth of Rocío Flores,
be careful and don't let Troy burn. We'll see if
Rocío Flores comes with a
conciliatory attitude or comes with an attitude of
telling her truth. We'll see, family,
let me know in the comments box
what you think. I send you a huge hug and
until the next video.
[Music]